# Against Type Inference & Dynamically Typed Languages
The Type Inference paradigm is a plague upon modern programming. It enables terrible programmers to reach unheard of achievements in the field of unreadable code. This unholy paradigm and its decadence molded a generation of exorbitant developers who gave birth to syntactic sugar and the death of verbosity. In turn, this decadent generation's children grew engorged on this, leading to the most unholy beast yet, dynamic programming.

This plague was set upon us in the advent of the ML, which ushered in the Type Inference Paradigm. From the very beginning, there were complaints about the unreadability of code. From the very beginning, verbosity was locked away for the sake of temporary convenience. From the very beginning, this was a headache for developers who were unfamiliar with a given codebase. Yet, despite all of this, type inference did not die at birth like it should have. Rather, this unholy infant multiplied into Caml in the 80s, into Haskell in the 90s, into Scala in the 2000s, and today into TypeScript and Rust and Kotlin. It has even infected once pure programming languages; Java, in 2018, introduced the var keyword, and it has been a headache ever since.

// In the following (unfinished) paragraph, I will make clear the connection between Type Inference & Dynamic Typed Languages.

The corruption of programming by type inference necessarily led to the greatest malady which infects programming today: Dynamically Typed Languages. 